Update AbstractKeyring to IKeyring interface (#54)
klaytn/kips: KIPs/kip-34.md

The `Wallet` layer allows the user to sign a message or a transaction through the Caver with a [Klaytn account].

![walletLayer_withIKeyring](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32922423/108327646-ff1aff00-720e-11eb-8278-94cb9386ee9a.png)

> In the Wallet layer, an interface `IKeyring` is defined, and `SingleKeyring`, `MultipleKeyring` and `RoleBasedKeyring` are implemented by implementing `IKeyring`. The `IKeyring` interface defines methods that Keyring classes must implement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Wallet layer, an interface `IKeyring` is defined, and `SingleKeyring`, `MultipleKeyring` and `RoleBasedKeyring` implements `IKeyring`. The `IKeyring` interface defines methods that Keyring classes must implement.
```

| getPublicKey(compressed: Boolean): String | Returns the compressed public key string if compressed is true. It returns the uncompressed public key string otherwise. |
| getKeyByRole(role: int): PrivateKey | Returns the keys specified by the role. SingleKeyring always returns the same key. |
| toAccount(): Account | Returns an Account instance. |
| sign(txHash: String, chainId: int, role: int): List&#60;SignatureData&#62; | Signs the transaction using the key that the SingleKeyring instance has, and it returns the signature. |
| sign(txHash: String, chainId: int, role: int, index: int): SignatureData | Signs the transaction using a key that the SingleKeyring instance has and the index, and it returns the signature. In the case of SingleKeyring, only one private key is managed, so if the index is greater than 0, an error should be returned. |

> | sign(txHash: String, chainId: String, role: int): List&#60;SignatureData&#62; | Signs the transaction using the key that the SingleKeyring instance has and returns the signatures. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| sign(txHash: String, chainId: String, role: int): List&#60;SignatureData&#62; | Signs the transaction using the key that the SingleKeyring instance has, and it returns the signature. |
```
